# Programming-Technique-Mini-Project
(27/4/2022) UMPSA BCI1023 Mini Project 


### Case Study
Suppose a grocery retailer is currently undergoing massive influx of new customers of different sizes, ranging from common household customers to restaurant businesses. As such, the retailer wants to improve the current process of calculating sales by moving from traditional method of using pen, paper & calculator to automating the calculation process with programs written with C language to help alleviate his workloads. This program in question will be used on daily basis to calculate an order of massive scale that involves a lot of products in a single receipt with varying rates and different types. This program will be used by the cashier in charge in the retail shop or the owner of the retailer himself when calculating orders from customers before printing out the total price amount needed to be paid by customers. The prices of products available in this retail shop will be fixed at a certain rate based on the mean price of current retail products (based in Pahang) and will be categorized into : Meat, Fruit & Vegetables categories.

### Objectives
The objectives of this project are as follow:

  i.	To design a program that can calculate total price of an order consisting of several different products with varying rates separately.
  
  ii.	To develop a program that can display the prices of different types of products that has varying rates separately. 


### Problems with my current implementation
I.	Lack of ways to display prices of different products that have different prices

II.	Receipt information generated by the system is not stored after program is used


### Ways to solve the problems
I.	Uses 1D & 2D arrays for prices of products to have different prices for different products

II.	Copy the output of the program into a text file after the program is executed 
